Review changelog for v0.6.0 release (#1070)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/962.breaking.rst

> Renamed the availabe "methods" for computing the Coulomb logarithm in attemps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renamed the available "methods" for computing the Coulomb logarithm in an attempt
```
